DOC: Adding alt-text to images in the tutorials (#1)
isabela-pf/numpy-tutorials: content/mooreslaw-tutorial.md

---

# Determining Moore's Law with real data in NumPy

> ![Plot of Moore's Law data (add alt here)](_static/01-mooreslaw-tutorial-intro.png)

Author: ```suggestion
![Scatter plot of MOS transistor count per microprocessor every two years as a demonstration of Moore's Law](_static/01-mooreslaw-tutorial-intro.png)
```

> _The number of transistors reported on a given chip plotted on a log scale in the y axis with the date of introduction on the linear scale x-axis. The blue data points are from a [transistor count table](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transistor_count#Microprocessors). The red line is an ordinary least squares prediction and the orange line is Moore's law._

Author: ```suggestion
_The number of transistors reported per a given chip plotted on a log scale in the y axis with the date of introduction on the linear scale x-axis. The blue data points are from a [transistor count table](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Transistor_count#Microprocessors). The red line is an ordinary least squares prediction and the orange line is Moore's law._
```
